add validatingAdmissionPolicyReports flag (#1075)
kyverno/website: content/en/docs/Writing policies/validate.md

To generate ValidatingAdmissionPolicies, make sure to:

1. Enable `ValidatingAdmissionPolicy` [feature gate](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/).

2. For 1.27, enable `admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1alpha1` API, and for 1.28 enable both `admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1alpha1` and `admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1` API.

    Here is the minikube command to enable ValidatingAdmissionPolicy:

   ```
   minikube start --extra-config=apiserver.runtime-config=admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1,apiserver.runtime-config=admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1alpha1  --feature-gates='ValidatingAdmissionPolicy=true'
   ```

> 3. Configure theKyverno to manage ValidatingAdmissionPolicies using the `--generateValidatingAdmissionPolicy=true` flag in the admissions controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Configure Kyverno to manage ValidatingAdmissionPolicies using the `--generateValidatingAdmissionPolicy=true` flag in the admission controller.
```
